You really have...
become a monster.
You should have left me to live as a beggar's kid.
Fine.
Just kill me.
Kill me and vent your spite.
Ms. Jang.
I will kill you.
Are you crazy?
Are you okay?
Ms. Jang is...
Ms. Jang.
Everything...
is over.
Soo Ho.
Yes, Ms. Jang.
I want...
you two...
to be happy forever.
No matter what happens.
Ms. Jang.
(Last Episode)
(R.I.P. Jang Baek Hee)
I want...
you two to be together...
forever.
No matter what happens.
We will.
Hoping that...
Soo Ho and Hae Ra would read this.
Soo Ho.
Yes?
I have a feeling...
that I'd be leaving...
before the winter is over.
I don't know which winter it'll be though.
I'm going to start writing...
what I want to say to you in my diary.
By the way,
I want to give you two a small gift.
I hope you like it.
I'll give my house and the hanok in Bukchon...
to Jung Hae Ra.
The property and building in Geumseong-dong,
and the land in Daejeon and Yeosu...
will be given to Moon Soo Ho.
(Jung Hae Ra)
Hae Ra, you can take...
all my clothes and jewelries.
They're not your style,
but there will be something you like.
This place is...
worth being conserved as a heritage building.
Please talk to the city hall about it.
Will you really donate it?
Yes.
Okay. I'll contact the city office.
I'd like them to open a small book store.
Who are you?
Sharon?
What happened?
Seung Goo.
Leave this place.
What are you talking about?
I don't want to.
Just do as I say.
The number you have dialed...
is not available at this moment.
She's not answering her phone.
The investors haven't changed their minds.
I guess she's sitting back and not doing anything.
She shouldn't think of me...
as the poor newspaper delivery boy.
Mr. Kim.
Yes, sir.
Let's barge in her shop with a cameraman later.
Let's film something to threaten her with.
I'll get it ready.
Who are you going to threaten today?
Why are you so relaxed? You idiot!
The stupidest person will be better than you.
Go visit the investors,
and get down on your knees naked or something.
You timid punk.
What's wrong with you, seriously?
Let's go, Mr. Kim.
I'll protect you,
so that you won't become more evil.
Let's stop here today.
I'll keep it deep in my drawer.
I hope I don't have to take it out again.
You won't. Don't worry.
I heard you decided to donate the house.
Yes.
I said I wanted to make it into a small bookstore.
They said they'd consider it positively.
Won't you regret it?
No.
- Really? - Really.
Did you buy this shirt?
No, I've never bought any shirt for you.
I don't think Aunt Sook Hee bought this.
Aunt Sook Hee doesn't know men's clothes.
I'm going to throw away unfamiliar clothes.
But it's made with a nice fabric.
Wait.
It feels like one of the clothes made by Sharon.
Soo Ho, give them to me. I'll throw them away.
Hae Ra, we're married,
so can't we call each other differently now?
Calling your husband by his name is awkward.
What's wrong with that? That's what everyone does.
I want you to call me by something else.
How do you want me to call you?
"Honey".
Let's go sleep, honey.
Hello?
I'm sorry that I asked you to come out this late.
Have a seat.
Go on.
Tell me...
more about...
what you know about my father.
I'm sure you know better than me.
I'm going to stop him...
so that he won't ruin himself anymore.
You'll stop him?
You'll make him confess or something?
He's not the type to confess.
Seo Rin.
Why don't you answer my calls?
Where did you learn to ignore people?
Seo Rin!
Where are you, Seo Rin?
Where are we...
going right now?
Mr. Han.
I think Mr. Park Gon is a nice person.
An investigator of Prosecutor Jung Jin Woo...
will be waiting for you.
Go tell him what you saw.
Tell him everything...
that my father did.
I can't.
Why would I?
What will happen to you then?
We need to stop him, Young Mi.
Do it for my sake.
Mr. Park Chul Min.
We're from the West Seoul Prosecutors' Office.
Please come with us.
You want a traveling route...
for 15 nights and 16 days in Europe, right?
I think it's best...
to start your trip in Paris and end in Milano.
Yes.
I'll organize the rest and e-mail you by 3pm.
Okay, thank you.
Gosh.
It'd be nice to travel 16 days in Europe.
You could've lived in Rome too.
That's how great the power of love is.
You made the right choice in breaking up with him.
Focus on your work from now on.
Goodness.
I told you it was a secret.
The police have seized and are searching...
Chairman Park's house.
They'll start the tax investigation soon.
The town residents of Geumseong-dong...
are positive towards our business too.
You didn't sue him...
even after getting attacked.
The residents found out about it recently.
And that moved their hearts.
Everything goes in your favor.
What's the secret behind your luck?
(Real Estate Property Gift Contract)
You wanted to live in a hanok.
But how can I accept this?
I can't take this.
This is listed under my name. Don't worry.
I'm not giving it to you for free.
Hae Ra.
I have something to confess to you.
To be honest, I'm not your real aunt.
I know. You're my mom's half-sister.
To be honest, that's not true either.
She saved me when I jumped into Han River,
took me to a hospital,
and paid off my debt.
Then she asked me to take care of a child.
Ms. Jang, I mean.
She told me to not tell until you get married.
Why did she do that?
Why did she...
give us a connection?
In our previous life, she said...
she took my child and switched them...
with another child.
What?
So she said something odd about how we should...
each take a child and take care of them.
Then who is the child...
she took care of?
I'll just...
think of this as a long vacation.
Sharon Tailor is...
somewhere I worked for my entire life.
And Sharon, you might have temper issues,
but I love your designs.
And I went to give Baek Hee some flowers.
The two of them...
buried her in a nice place with lots of sun.
Then I'll go on my vacation.
I have a favor to ask.
Sharon said this is her last present.
She wanted me to give it to you.
It's Hae Ra's outfit.
That did not happen.
They are probably mistaken about something.
This is...
a picture you took in your old office, right?
My employee in purchasing always took a picture.
It's just one of...
those pictures.
(Do Eun Pharmaceutics)
This navy jacket in the corner.
That's a school uniform, isn't it?
Why was this in your office?
We already checked that...
Mr. Park Gon's uniform was not this color.
We checked, and there is...
a high chance that these are the same jacket.
You took off Mr. Moon's name tag from the jacket,
and you threw it away...
near where you buried Mr. Jung.
That did not happen.
Mr. Park.
He came over and helped us move.
I didn't notice because we were busy,
but later, I realized...
Soo Ho's uniform and backpack were missing.
Yes.
What I have testified last time...
is still true.
We just figured we lost it on the move.
Gon went down that road for the sake of his dad.
And I'm telling the truth for Gon's sake.
Chairman Park Chul Min, the genius of...
speculative property trading, was arrested.
He's been investigated for murder, attempted murder,
tax evasion, embezzlement, and many others.
An arrest warrant was issued...
because of a new witness.
Reporting from West Prosecutor's Office,
Kim Yoo Ri of CBM News.
You've been through so much, Soo Ho.
I mean, honey.
Everything is over.
Let's live happily ever after.
It's a good day. Let's have some champagne.
Okay.
- Hae Ra. - Yes?
Should we...
live happily together, just the two of us?
We're already living happily together.
I mean, just the two of us.
You mean, without having children,
just the two of us?
A lot of couples live without having babies.
Whatever you're worrying about won't happen.
I have a feeling.
Then...
should we live without any worries...
and plans?
Okay. Let's not do those things.
Just promise me one thing.
No matter what happens,
stay with me.
No matter what happens, I'll be with you.
Should we visit the old castle...
in Slovenia on our 10th anniversary?
No.
Let's go on our 50th anniversary.
After 50 years?
Yes. Our castle will still be there after 50 years.
Do you want to bet?
How much will you bet?
10 million dollars.
Do you even have 10 million dollars?
I'll start making money tomorrow.
(General Business Department, Jung Hae Ra)
What happened to the direct flight...
from Incheon to Stockholm?
They'll run it temporarily during the spring season.
They'll keep it if it goes well.
We made that direct flight possible,
so let's make it work.
Don't worry.
I'm working hard.
I'm tired.
I'm so tired.
- Hello. - Chief Director.
Do I look like a chief director?
You do.
But I'm so lonely.
My office is so huge, and I'm lonely,
so let's have every meeting in my office.
Manager Jung,
did you hear about...
Shinbang Pharmaceutics' business trip?
Yes, they'll continue doing business with us.
You can't lose them.
Their new medicine hit the jackpot.
Don't worry, Chief Director.
Manager Jung is the best.
I know that already.
Everyone, stop working.
Let's go for lunch.
I'm so hungry.
I'm so hungry and tired.
That's for being the chief director.
- Let's go. - Hurry up.
- Let's go. - Come on.
Go.
Enjoy your meal.
- Chief Director. - Chief Director.
- Chief Director. - Hey.
I'm a CEO now. Call me Mr. Chairman.
Gosh, Mr. Chairman.
That's right.
I quit long time ago. Why are you here?
We're here for an opening party.
I'm here for a part-time job.
You are not hired.
Sit wherever you want.
- Here? - No, sit here.
- Sit here. - There?
(Opening event)
Eat up.
Gosh, Hae Ra. You got promoted...
to manager already.
Already?
Honestly, all the best travel packages...
were Manager Jung's idea.
That's because...
I taught her well when I was a chief director.
- You're right. - Sure.
- Manager Jung. - Yes?
- What do you feed him? - Pardon?
Mr. Moon ordered delivery yesterday.
He ordered 30 chickens.
Goodness. Mr. Moon is so nice.
He even cares about the sales here.
By the way,
Mr. Moon hasn't aged at all.
Actually, he's gotten even younger.
So you should...
look after yourself too.
I'm not kidding.
He doesn't look like he ages.
It's because I feed him too well.
I'll make him starve.
No. Feed him chicken only.
Gosh. He'll ask you to feed him chicken only.
- Eat up. - It's really good.
It's on the house, right?
- Yes. - It's free?
Hae Ra. Let's eat fruit.
Okay.
You don't need to do that. You're still pretty.
No.
My face is so dry these days.
I think I'm getting wrinkles.
I've been like that for a long while.
Put some on me too.
Do you want me to?
I'll take the medical licensing exam.
I need to take the exam again...
if I want to...
practice medicine in Korea.
Will you work in a hospital?
In a small hospital in the countryside.
What about the Blacksmith's?
You're here.
I sold a lot today.
I don't have to worry about rent this month.
All the shipments are ready.
There's...
somewhere I want you to come with.
Where?
How is your father?
He's in the hospital.
He can't...
have a normal life.
I want Mr. Han and you...
to take over this company.
Please help him.
Of course. Don't worry.
I used to be...
on the side that wanted to...
redevelop this area.
That was your father, not you.
You know how this neighborhood...
came to be very well.
He's been thinking about this for a long time.
I'll think about it.
By the way,
you look the same.
You haven't changed at all.
This is the second round.
We'll do a toast.
I'll shout, "Jung Hae Ra".
And you'll say, "Goodbye!"
- All right. - Jung Hae Ra!
- Goodbye! - Goodbye!
Hae Ra. Goodbye.
Hae Ra. Bottoms up!
- Bottoms up! - Bottoms up!
- Bottoms up! - Chug! Chug!
- Come on. - Chug it.
If you don't,
you'll have to see me dance.
By the way, Hae Ra.
this is so out of the blue.
I thought you'd keep working here.
Why are you quitting so suddenly?
I might open up my own travel agency.
You better watch out.
I guess we should have our guard up.
Take me to your company, Ms. Jung.
I'll think about it.
Gosh, the things you say, you betrayers.
Please hire me first. Thank you.
(We love you, Manager Jung!)
Ju Hee should stay until she becomes a manager.
And until I become a president.
Thank you. Have some tea.
Thank you.
Your house is very pretty.
But isn't it too big for two siblings?
Wouldn't your older sister be uncomfortable?
She's my wife.
Honey.
I'll take that.
Did you bring it down?
Yes.
Please wrap it up.
Okay.
Would she...
know a way?
Excuse me.
You know a way, don't you?
Hae Ra?
That night,
I came here, but she was gone.
She disappeared.
She hasn't appeared for 10 years.
I guess she really left.
Let's see.
This goes in here.
And this.
I should have this cleaned.
This one goes to the cleaner's.
Boon Yi's prayer was engraved in the ring,
and it became a blade.
It saved Soo Ho.
Perhaps, it'll let him live forever.
He might come back to normal...
if he parts ways with the owner of the prayer.
Here.
I'll give you some of these.
Disinfect the wound with them once a day.
Okay, thank you. Goodbye.
Bye.
But nobody knows how it will turn out.
The choice is...
up to the two.
Hae Ra.
What's this luggage?
Why did you hide this from me?
In case you'd be like this.
I'll look like your older sister, aunt,
and your mother later.
Do you like living this way?
I need to disappear from you...
so that you can go back to normal.
No, don't go.
Don't go no matter what happens.
I don't like living this way.
It's better than living without you.
What happened?
She fell down on a slope.
I treated her and brought her home.
If things that we don't like happen...
- Let's go. - Okay.
Don't be friends with talkative people.
Stay away from those...
who're interested in others' private lives.
It'll be better to live in a big city...
than in a small town.
Shall we go?
Don't increase your belongings...
so that it's easy for you to move.
Don't let go of her hands...
until the end.
By any chance,
if I happen to die before you,
make sure you find yourself a nice woman.
But don't find someone prettier,
funnier, or smarter than me.
Just find a nice and good woman.
Grow old into a decent old man, okay?
Can't I meet a prettier, funnier, or smarter woman?
Don't you dare.
I'll think about it.
And if I happen to die first,
I'll ask a favor if you can go back to normal.
To whom?
Whomever.
Such a favor will have a condition.
The condition is for you to...
miss only me until that time.
Then you can go back to normal.
You two...
will meet again.
You'll find the answer then.
Hae Ra.
The weather is wonderful today.
Shall we go for a walk?
Hae Ra.
I...
dreamed about going to that castle.
I see.
Just as I have...
entered into time after meeting Soo Ho,
I pray that you will recognize...
each other.
Do you want to go to that old ice cream shop?
Sounds great.
Right around the corner,
there's this famous ice cream stand.
It began 300 years ago,
when they froze up some leftover milk.
Do you know what happens...
if you cry while eating ice cream?
Stop it.
Do you...
remember the legend of this lake?
In Korea, people say some jobs are...
created and hidden by deities.
Are you aware of this expression?
I have...
a few friends who work those jobs.
Why?
That lake you see, Lake Bohinj is...
apparently where a deity called dibs.
That's very innocent.
That deity didn't call dibs on Gangnam.
After the deity created the world,
he began giving out lands for people to settle in.
I have a question.
How much per m²?
But that deity made a mistake.
He forgot to leave some lands...
for those who worked diligently without a word.
So that deity gave out the land...
that he was keeping for himself.
Then did you get any back then?
What?
Are you having fun?
I remember everything.
Even your facial expressions.
Hae Ra.
Please remember this.
No matter when or how we meet again,
even if we cannot see each other anymore,
remember that there was a black knight...
who wanted to protect you to the end.
And that his life was possible...
because you were there.
I love you.
(Thank you for watching...)
(Black Knight - The Man Who Guards Me.)